Nokia Lumia 920 take a putt repair guide
brought to you by repairs universe to
begin this repair first thing we're
going to do is power off the device
completely from there we're going to
remove the SIM card tray using a paper
clip or a SIM card removal tool gently
pressing the small hole and eject the
SIM card tray from there we have two
torques t-50 that need to be removed in
the bottom of the device
you
these two screws now removed we can use
a safe open pry tool starting at the
bottom of the device
gently lift back the back cover the
cover itself is pretty malleable so just
play a little bit of a pressure once you
get a grip and then begins separating
the sides and releasing the back cover
from the full device
you
you won't be careful here as there is
one flex cable which is attacked from
the back cover to the motherboard which
you'll see right here
we're just going to gently place the
back cover right next to it so we can
work on releasing this connection there
is a small metal plate covering both of
these connections here on the
motherboard the best thing to do is use
a safe open pry tool and gently pry up
near the top as our two tabs holding in
place
as you can see when we release a plate
depop connector became released at the
same time normally it'll stay in place
and you'll just need to use a foam pry
tool to release it
we're now going to release this one pop
connector that is located underneath the
metal plate as well use a foam pry tool
and gently lift the connection up it's
going to be adhered to the side as your
power button and volume button flex
cable so gently use your safe open pry
tool and release that adhesive holding
it to the frame once you get a decent
grip you just kind of pull it all the
way off thousand
you
I'm going to use a Torx t5 screwdriver
to remove four t5 screws three located
on the right side of the housing and the
last one and the bottom left below the
battery
crews removed we're now getting the safe
open pry tool and release the smell
bracket holding the battery in place
also be a plastic spacer locating the
bottom-left use a safe open pry tool
gently lift this out while we're down
here we're going to release this one pop
connection here and gently Bend flex
cable down and away from the housing
alright next we're going to release this
antenna cable locate on the right side
of the motherboard and the battery
connection which is a simple pipe
connector once that's been released
then proud outside the battery and
remove the battery completely
you
out using a torch t-3 screwdriver we're
going to remove three t3 screws
screws remove bruise can release this
file pop connection located in the
bottom left here and we're then going to
remove the mid frame with motherboard
attached to it to do this we need safe
open pry tool and pry neither it seemed
light here you want be careful here as
there are multiple clips holding in
place
first two clips will be plastic clips
located right here there will be two
more metal Clips located in the bottom
of the battery compartment once these
clips have been released you will then
be able slightly lift the motherboard
and mid-frame up
once the mid frame and motherboard are
loosened you will be able to gently lift
up and slide it to the right being
careful as the housing is overhanging on
the left side of the motherboard once
that is done you can revert that
connection back into the housing and
remove the motherboard and mid frame
from here all you will need to do is
heat the back in the front of the screen
assembly using heat gun or hair dryer be
sure to use medium heat about two to
three inches away from the device using
constant movement around the outside
edges is for warmed adhesive holding the
screen assembly in place once the
adhesive is properly warmed you will
Debbie I'll use a safe open pry tool and
separate the screen assembly away from
the front housing for more information
on how to do this please revert back to
our written repair guide for the Lumia
920 which is located at repairs universe
comm
you